
Multi-Format Visual Disassembler
MFVDasm V0.4b Copyright © 1996-2000 Jean-Louis Seigne
All rights reserved

LICENSE AGREEMENT 

This license applies to the evaluation version of MFVDasm. You should
carefully read the following terms and conditions before using this
software. Unless you have a different license agreement signed by the
author Jean-Louis Seigne, your use of this software indicates your
acceptance of this license agreement and warranty. 

1. EVALUATION AND REGISTRATION 

This is not free software. Subject to the terms below, you are hereby
licensed to use this software for a total of 15 sessions. After having
run the software 15 times, it will cease to start up, and a registration
fee of US$ 100 is required to unlock it, payable via credit dard. When
payment is received you will receive instructions about how to unlock
the software for further use. 

2. DISTRIBUTION

Provided that you verify that you are distributing the evaluation
version of MFVDasm, you are hereby licensed to make as many copies of
the evaluation version of this software and documentation as you wish;
give exact copies of the original evaluation version to anyone; and
distribute the evaluation version of the software and documentation in
its unmodified form via electronic means. There is no charge for any of
the above. You are specifically prohibited from charging, or requesting
donations, for any such copies, however made; and from distributing the
software and/or documentation with other products (commercial or
otherwise) without prior written permission. 

3. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY 

This software is provided "as is" and any express or implied warranties,
including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability
and fitness for a particular purpose are disclaimed. In no event shall
the author Jean-Louis Seigne be liable for any direct, indirect,
incidental, special, exemplary, or consequential damages (including, but
not limited to, procurement of substitute goods or services; loss of
use, data, or profits; or business interruption) however caused and on
any theory of liability, whether in contract, strict liability, or tort
(including negligence or otherwise) arising in any way out of the use of
this software, even if advised of the possibility of such damage. 
